The school attendant is here
You are Qian Guan
Lord Lan
Is he the murderer of my daughter-in-law?
Our whole family saw it with our own eyes
Yeah, that's him.
I am one of the four major colleges in the academy, Lan Kuan
I will not investigate the case.
We just need to match
You go to the crime scene for a trial inspection.
You called everyone over to me
I want to review them one by one.
According to the investigation at the crime scene
Trial crows exclude active duty
That's not possible.
He is the murderer
Shut up, you dare to suggest Lord Lan
Master Lan, do you have to explain?
Bring your wallet
Sister, I am the assistant, and the eldest brother killed me.
You're talking about Huo Yikun.
Big brother and nerves are all in the building
I'm with him today.
Huo Yikun
I don't know, Immediately Group Huo Yikun